[Not for 0.15] adding General Bayesian Tests (#32)
jasp-stats/jaspSummaryStatistics: inst/help/summarystatsgeneralbayesiantests.md

Summary Statistics General Bayesian Tests
====================================

The general Bayesian tests allows one to test a hypothesis about a parameter under different data likelihoods.

### Input
---------

#### Data
The input data needs to contain the following elements:

- Likelihood specifying the distribution of the data
  - Normal with mean and standard deviation

>   - Student-t with mean, standard deviation, and degrees of freedom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Student-t with location, scale, and degrees of freedom
```
I think it's more common to call these parameters that way?

  - Binomial with number of successes and total number of observations
  - Non-central d with effect size and sample size
  - Non-central t with t-statistics and degrees of freedom

#### Null hypothesis
The specification of the null hypothesis for the parameter.

#### Alternative hypotheses
The specification of posibly multiple alternative hypotheses for the parameter.

#### Plots
  - Priors: Plot parameter prior distributions.
  - Prior predictions: Plot prior predictive distributions.
  - Likelihood: Plot data likelihood.
  - Posteriors: Plot parameter posterior distributions.

>     - Priors: Add prior distribution to the posterior distribution plots. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Priors: Add prior distribution to the posterior distribution plots. 
```
